feat: Sign ancillary files in aggregator (#2394)
input-output-hk/mithril: CHANGELOG.md

- End support for **macOS x64 pre-built binaries** for the client CLI.

> - Cardano database certification:
> 
>   - Creation of two separate archives, one for the immutable files and another for the ancillary files.
>   - Added a signed manifest file, which contains the list of all files in the archive and their sha256 hashes, to the ancillary archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cardano database full certification:

  - Creation of two separate archives for the immutable files and for the ancillary files.
  - Added a signed manifest file to the ancillary archive (contains the list of all files in the archive and their sha256 hashes).
```
